This document is non-independent research and a marketing communication and has been prepared and 
distributed by Panmure Liberum Limited. This communication has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements under COBS 12 of the FCA Handbook designed to promote the independence of investment 
research and is not subject to a prohibition on dealing ahead of the dissemination of investment research. 
However, Panmure Liberum is required by the FCA to have policies in place to identify and manage the conflicts 
of interest which may arise in its production, which include preventing dealing ahead. Please refer to the end of 
the document for a list of items which could create a conflict of interest, other material interests in relation to the 
company(ies) detailed in this research and Reg-AC certification. If this document is distributed by another firm, it 
is considered independent third-party research and additional information regarding such firm is provided at the 
end of the document. Investors should be aware that Panmure Liberum may have a conflict of interest that could 
affect the objectivity of this communication. Investors should consider this communication as only a single factor 
in making their investment decision. ^Completed when first distributed.
Lead Author
Joachim Klement
Research Analyst
+44 (0)20 3100 2073
joachim.klement@panmureliberum.com
Every four years, I write a note that has many more readers 
than anything else I publish. This is the note. It is our 
forecast for the FIFA World Cup, this year in Canada, the 
United States and Mexico. It has become a tradition among 
banks to make these forecasts to show that economists 
have a sense of humour (they don’t) and can actually 
forecast things that matter. They can’t. Or rather, most of 
them can’t. I developed a proprietary econometric model in 
2014 to forecast the winner of the previous three World 
Cups and so far, my track record is 100% accurate. Clearly, 
nothing can go wrong in making another forecast.
As you might have guessed from the intro, this note is very 
much tongue in cheek and has absolutely nothing to do with 
investments – or has it?
Our track record

2014: Germany correctly forecast

2018: France correctly forecast

2022: Argentina correctly forecast

2026: …
Three biggest surprises

Japan with one of the biggest 
upsets in World Cup history

Another all-European semi-final

An unlikely champion
Why it matters

During a World Cup, the US stock 
market underperforms by 3.9% 
compared to normal periods.

Markets in countries that win a 
match outperform the next day.
What the bookies say

Spain 5/1

France 6/1

England 13/2

Argentina 17/2
 
Strategy Economics & ESG | All Cap Strategy - Fundamental & Multi Asset | 09 
April 2026^
Strategy
FIFA World Cup Predictions 2026
   

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
2
Contents
First, some much-needed perspective .....................................3
Why the World Cup matters..........................................................3
The model .....................................................................................4
Excuses: If I am right, it’s skill and if I am wrong, it’s 
somebody else’s fault ...................................................................5
The forecast.................................................................................7
The group stage............................................................................7
The last 32: One of the biggest upsets in World Cup history......10
The last 16: Germany vs France in the last 16 ...........................11
Quarter-finals: England vs Japan again......................................12
Semi-finals: Four European teams .............................................13
And the winner is….....................................................................14
Disclaimer..................................................................................18

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
3
First, some much-needed perspective
In this section, I set the scene for our World Cup predictions. To put 
some perspective on this exercise, let me stress that a football World 
Cup isn’t everything. It’s the only thing. Nothing in the world is more 
important than who wins the World Cup. Your job, your marriage, the 
birth of your children, none of that matters compared to the question of 
which random assortment of 20-something millionaires are most 
successful at kicking a children’s toy across a lawn. Hence, I have put 
great effort into building a model that can predict the outcome of this life-
changing event. In this section, I will explain how this model works and 
provide a series of excuses I will deploy in the unlikely case that any of 
my forecasts do not come true.
Why the World Cup matters
It is superfluous to explain to any football fan worth his or her salt why the 
World Cup matters. But for readers who wonder what all the fuss is about, I 
recommend John Oliver’s explanation from 2014, which is as accurate today 
as it was back then: Football is a religion.
Apart from being a substitute religion for middle-aged men like me, football in 
general and the World Cup in particular can be an influential force in stock 
markets as well. 
It starts with the very day a country is announced as the host of a future World 
Cup. Bijen Ramdas, Reinette van Gaalen and Jordy Bolton1 looked at the 
stock market reaction of countries after they had been announced as the host 
of a future World Cup and found no systematic effect. Rather, the true 
significance of the announcement seems to be for countries that lose the bid. 
While there is no significantly positive effect on the stock market of future host 
countries, countries that lose their bid to host the tournament experience 
significantly negative abnormal returns.2
But while the announcement effect may be small and irrelevant, the 
tournament has everyone in its grip, and the mood swings from winning or 
losing games impact stock markets. In 2007, the world’s most prestigious 
finance journal published a study by Alex Edmans, Diego Garcia and Oyvind 
Norli. It showed that if a country loses in the knockout stage of a World Cup, 
the local stock market in that country experiences an abnormal loss of 0.49% 
the next day.3 Studies of eight different stock markets from Spain to the UK 
and Uruguay showed that the results of the national football team at the World 
Cup do influence the returns of the local stock market, with markets performing 
better after victories and worse after losses.4 In the case of the US stock 
market, clearly not a country where football is particularly popular, Guy 
Kaplanski and Haim Levy found that during the World Cup, the US stock 
market underperforms by 3.9%.5 
1 Ramdas, B., R. van Gaalen, and J. Bolton (2015). “The Announcement Impact of Hosting the FIFA World Cup 
on Host Country Stock Markets.” Procedia Economics and finance, vol. 30, 226-238.
2 Charles, A. and O. Darné (2016). “Stock Market Reactions to FIFA World Cup Announcements: An Event 
Study.” Economics Bulletin, vol. 36(4), 2028-2036.
3 Edmans, A. D. Garcia, and O. Norli (2007). “Sports Sentiment and Stock Returns.” Journal of Finance, vol. 
62(4), 1967-1998.
4 Gomez Martinez, R, and C. P. Roman (2014). “Sentimento del Inversor, Selecciones Nacionales de Futbol y su 
Influencia sobre sus Indices Nacionales.” Revista Europea de Direccion y Economia de la  Empresa, vol. 23, 99-
114.
5 Kaplanski, G. and H. Levy (2010). “Exploitable Predictable Irrationality: the FIFA World Cup Effect on the U.S. 
Stock Market.” Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis, vol. 45 (2), 535-553.

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
4
The literature is pretty consistent in pointing to investor inattention and 
sentiment swings as the main drivers of abnormal stock market returns during 
the World Cup. Because investors are distracted by football matches, markets 
tend to drift lower during the tournament, but if a team wins, the enthusiasm 
this victory creates makes investors more risk-seeking and pushes up prices 
the next day. Meanwhile, if a team loses, investors are more risk-averse (or 
simply hungover) the next day and take fewer risks, thus creating additional 
downward pressure on prices. 
The model
Football matters – so much that academics have spent some of their time 
developing models to forecast the matches. The model used in this note has 
its roots in a study by Robert Hoffmann, Lee Chew Ging and Bala Ramasamy 
from the University of Nottingham.6 They show that certain economic and 
climatic variables can predict success in international football matches:

GDP/capita: The good thing about football is that it can be played 
anywhere, but for a national team to be successful at the World Cup, a country 
needs some important infrastructure. Decent football pitches and academies 
where young players can be developed are essential to tap into the existing 
talent pool. Countries that are too poor to invest in stadiums or academies or 
don’t have a national talent development programme lose out. Thus, the richer 
a country is, the better its football team will likely be. But there is a decline in 
the marginal success rate that eventually becomes negative. If a country is too 
rich, kids may choose other sports or video games over playing football. Even 
today, football remains a game mostly played by working- and middle-class 
people and very rich countries have significant difficulty in keeping young 
talent in their programmes. 

Population size is also an important influence. If a country has more 
people, the talent pool is bigger, and it is more likely that the country will 
develop world-class players who excel on the international stage. But why then 
are countries like China and India underperforming in football? The problem is 
that the talent pool only matters if football is a mainstream sport. In the study 
mentioned above, the researchers found that population size matters mostly 
for Latin American countries where football is a religion, and every kid plays 
the game at some point in their lives.

Another important contributing factor is temperature. If a country is too 
cold or too hot, it becomes too difficult or even impossible to play football. The 
ideal temperature for football seems to be 14C or roughly the average annual 
temperature experienced in much of Southern Europe and South America. Is it 
a wonder that apart from England in 1966 and Germany in 1954, 1974, 1990, 
and 2014, all World Cups were won by countries from these areas?

Finally, being a host country helps. The support from the majority of the 
fans in a stadium gives a team that slight edge that can make the difference 
between winning, drawing, and losing.
Our model uses all these socioeconomic variables to predict the outcome of 
the World Cup, but also adds the current FIFA ranking points to indicate the 
strength of the current squad.
Using these variables, I can explain some 55% of the variation in success 
across nations in a World Cup. But this means that some 45% of the outcome 
6 Hoffmann, R., L. C. Ging, and B. Ramasamy (2002). “The Socio-Economic Determinants of International 
Soccer Performance.” Journal of applied Economics, vol. 5 (2), 253-272.

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
5
is determined by luck. Thus, my model includes an element of chance when 
determining the outcome of matches between any two teams. Yes, a team can 
have a high chance of winning against another team, but upsets happen, and 
my model takes these effects into account. 
As mentioned above, I developed this model in 2014 to predict the outcome of 
the World Cup in Brazil. I used the same model to predict the outcome of the 
2018 World Cup in Russia and the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, which gives me a 
track record of three events. Originally, this was supposed to be an exercise in 
humility to show the world how stupid and unreliable economic models are, yet 
economists think they can forecast everything from inflation to the pandemic to 
football world cups.
And the worst thing happened. I got it right. And then a second time. And a 
third time. The result was that for the last four years, I have been inundated 
with questions about whether I would forecast the Euros, the Rugby World 
Cup, the Olympic Games, the Premier League, etc. And this year, I have been 
asked nonstop since January when our predictions would be published, so 
people could bet on the winner of the World Cup 2026. Maybe, being 
inundated with these requests is the reason why this year, I make a very 
unlikely prediction for the winner that subjectively feels wrong. Alas, the model 
is the model, and I trust the system.
Let’s be very clear: If you take this model and these forecasts seriously, 
you are deluding yourself. If you bet money on the World Cup because of 
this model, nobody can help you, and you shouldn’t be surprised to lose 
money. 
In asset management, a common observation is that fund managers who have 
had several years of spectacular outperformance tend to attract a ton of new 
investments. Yet, even by chance, a coin will come up heads three or four 
times in a row. That doesn’t mean that it will come up heads again next time. 
So, inevitably, when the string of outperformance ends for these supposedly 
skilled fund managers, people complain and want their money back. 
Remember that when you go online and bet your life savings on something 
that is essentially random.
Excuses: If I am right, it’s skill and if I am wrong, it’s 
somebody else’s fault
I have been working in the financial services industry for more than 20 years, 
and if I have perfected one thing, it is how to find excuses for faulty predictions. 
This time, some crucial characteristics of a World Cup are different. Most 
importantly, we are dealing with a massively expanded tournament with 48 
teams rather than 32. Plus, there is an additional knockout stage, and with 
every knockout game, luck plays an increased role. Underdogs can beat 
superior teams in any single game, but it is much less likely that they make it 
out of the group stage after three games. 
Of course, in this World Cup, almost all teams will make it out of the group 
stage anyway, so the result will be knockout matches in the round of 32 where 
clear underdogs are matched up against some football heavyweights. All these 
underdogs need to do to progress is get a 0-0 or a 1-1 draw over the 120 
minutes plus injury time and then hope for the best in a penalty shootout. If 

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
6
that were to happen to one of the tournament favourites, like say, England, it is 
highly likely that England will lose the penalty shootout and be eliminated.
So, that’s one excuse down. But as James Montier so eloquently puts it in his 
Little Book of Behavioural Investing, there are also five generic excuses for 
forecasters that are commonly used. Here they are with James’s comments 
and my version of the excuse for the World Cup predictions:
1. The ‘if only’ defence: “If only the Fed had raised rates, then it would have 
been true.” Effectively, the experts claim that they would have been correct 
if only their advice had been followed. 
My version for this World Cup: “If only France had made it out of the 
group stage, they would have made it into the last 32 [change the phrases 
“France”, “group stage”, and “last 32” as needed].”
2. Ceteris paribus: Something outside of the model of analysis occurred; 
therefore, it isn’t my fault.
My version for this World Cup: “Kyllian Mbappe got injured; therefore, it 
isn’t my fault that France didn’t make it past the group stage [change player 
name, country and tournament stage as needed].”
3. I was almost right: “Although the predicted outcome didn’t occur, it almost 
did.”
My version for this World Cup: “Although France didn’t make it into the 
finals, they made it into the semi-finals [change country and tournament 
stages as needed].”
4. It just hasn’t happened, yet: “I wasn’t wrong, it just hasn’t occurred yet.” 
My version for this World Cup: “I wasn’t wrong, I was just predicting 
another World Cup.”
5. The single prediction: “You can’t judge me by the performance of a single 
forecast.” 
My version for this World Cup: “You can’t judge me by the performance 
of the 2026 prediction. Look at my predictions for 2014, 2018, and 2022.”

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
7
The forecast
As always, many favourites will make it through the group stage without 
problems, but some will struggle. And there is always a major football 
country that is eliminated in the group stage, but nobody can say in 
advance which one it will be. As we enter the knockout phase, luck plays 
an increasingly important role, particularly in this expanded tournament 
with 32 teams in the knockout phase rather than the 16 teams we were 
used to. But our model will hopefully be able to cope with all that and 
provide an accurate prediction of what is going to happen.
The group stage 
Our model was built for the old World Cup format, where two out of four teams 
in each group made it out of the group stage and into the knockout phase. This 
is still the case this time, but it is complicated by the fact that the eight best 
third-placed teams will also make it out of the group stage. Thanks for nothing, 
Gianni Infantino.
To deal with this complexity, I show the likelihood of each team to make it into 
the top two of the group and automatically qualify for the knockout stage. 
Because two teams get promoted in each group, the likelihoods sum up to 
200% rather than 100%. Once we get the two top-placed teams out of the way, 
I will do a separate ranking of the third-placed teams to identify the eight best 
teams in this bunch that will make it into the knockout stage. 
As always, I emphasise the probabilistic nature of the forecast. In Group A, for 
example, South Korea is favoured to win the group and has a 72% chance of 
coming first or second. But that doesn’t mean that South Korea will make it into 
the knockout stages with certainty. It just means that if we were to replay the 
World Cup many times, on average, in one of four cases, South Korea would 
be placed third or fourth in the group and may be eliminated or only make it 
into the knockout stages as one of the best third-placed teams.
Overall, Group A is one of the more competitive groups, where the other three 
teams in the group (Mexico, Czechia, and South Africa) are all of similar 
strength at the moment. The result is that each team has a decent chance to 
make it at least to third place, if not second. In the end, I expect Czechia to 
have the edge over Mexico in the run for second place, with Mexico coming in 
third.
In Group B, Switzerland is the runaway favourite to top the group, while 
Canada, Qatar, and Bosnia-Herzegovina are again relatively evenly matched. 
While Qatar may have a surprisingly high likelihood of advancing to the 
knockout stage, the home crowd will lift Canada into second place after 
Switzerland, while Qatar will come in third after winning for the first time ever at 
a World Cup in its match against Bosnia. It may sound disappointing, but Qatar 
is making progress as a footballing nation and is on a good track to becoming 
a more established contender at World Cups.
What can I say about Group C that isn’t obvious? Clearly, Brazil is going to 
win this group, and Haiti will get a participation trophy at their first-ever World 
Cup. When it comes to second and third place, Morocco is the clear favourite 
to clinch automatic promotion as the second-placed team in the group. After 
all, we are talking here about the African champions (if you believe the official 
statistics; to me, Senegal remains the champion) and the team that made it 

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
8
into the semi-finals in the last World Cup. Scotland, meanwhile, returns to the 
tournament for the first time in the 21st century with a solid team that is 
unfortunately lacking a striker like Archie Gemmill, which is why they will lose 
the crucial match against Morocco. Plus, the World Cup is played in sunshine 
and on a pristine pitch rather than in rain and on a potato field, so the Scottish 
players are facing a rather unfamiliar environment that is likely to impede their 
performance.
Group D is the most evenly matched group of all in this World Cup. In truth, 
every one of the four teams can come first in the group, and all of them can 
come last. It will all depend on the form on the day who will succeed, but I think 
the Australians will summon their cricket spirit and win the group in the same 
way they win the Ashes – mostly due to the ineptitude of their opponents, and 
if that isn’t enough, then cheating. 
As one of the host nations, I would have guessed that the US would make it 
into the top two in the group, but it turns out the host nation advantage is 
declining and is likely to be even less pronounced in this World Cup, which is 
split between three countries and spread over an entire continent. Anyone who 
can remember the European Championships of 2021 (can anyone?) will 
remember that it was one of the least atmospheric tournaments of all time 
because there was never a chance for the people in a country to get into the 
hype of hosting a major tournament. I don’t think this is going to be a problem 
in a football-mad country like Mexico, but I do think that the US and Canada 
will not get the host nation support that past hosts have enjoyed. So, the US is 
in third place.
Which means that Turkey, in its first tournament since 2002, will make it into 
second place in the group.
Which brings me to Group E. As a German, this is the most important group to 
watch, especially after Germany failed to make it out of the group stage in the 
last two World Cups. Luckily, it is extremely unlikely that this will happen again 
this year, given the expanded tournament and the relatively easy opponents 
Germany faces in the group stage. Curacao should be no problem, and 
between the Ivory Coast and Ecuador, I would expect Germany to at least 
come in second in the group. Most likely, though, they will top the group with 
Ecuador in second place.
Group F is a much harder group, with the Netherlands the favourite. But a 
Japanese team that is a dark horse in this tournament, and a Swedish team 
with Viktor Gyökeres and Alexander Isak, it is not going to be easy. In the end, 
I think the Netherlands and Japan will prevail and emerge hardened by a tough 
group phase – something that will give them an edge in the knockout stages, 
since many experts will not fancy either of these teams, given a couple of 
scrappy matches against tough opponents. But in my view, these two teams 
will need less time to adapt to the all-or-nothing stakes of a knockout match, 
which gives them an advantage.
New Zealand is the rank outsider in Group G, while Belgium is the strongest 
team. When it comes to the remaining two teams, I think Iran and Egypt are 
currently evenly matched in terms of strength. Obviously, it is unclear at this 
point if Iran will even participate in a World Cup in the US, given the war, but if 
they do, I think they will have the edge over Egypt and come second in the 
group. Should Iran choose to boycott the tournament, it could be replaced by 
the UAE, which is a weaker team than Egypt. That would then change the 

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
9
knockout bracket with Egypt as the second-placed team in the group and UAE 
or New Zealand in third. But long story short, even if Iran withdraws from the 
tournament, it wouldn’t change the forecasts for the semi-finals or the final, so 
let’s not bother with that eventuality any longer.
Group H is one of the easiest groups to call. Spain is so much better than all 
the other teams in the group that it would be a major upset if the team does not 
win the group. Meanwhile, both Saudi Arabia and Cape Verde are no match 
for Uruguay, so the South Americans will follow Spain into the knockout stage.
Group I is dominated by France as the clear favourite to win the group, but it is 
going to be a tight race between a strong Norwegian team and Africa Cup-
winning Senegal. My model gives Senegal the edge over Norway, but Norway 
is likely to progress as one of the best third-placed teams.
Even without Messi, Argentina will top Group J, and if Messi decides to play in 
the tournament, the team’s edge over Austria, Algeria and Jordan will be even 
bigger. However, I don’t buy the considerable number of pundits who claim 
that Argentina is a favourite to win the tournament. I think that is a case of 
hindsight bias. The Argentina of today is nowhere near as strong as the team 
four years ago. But it is strong enough to win the group and progress together 
with Austria.
Both Group K and Group L have two teams that are clearly better than the 
rest, so I expect that these teams will place first and second in their groups. 
For Group K, that means that Portugal and Colombia will advance to the 
knockout stages, with Portugal winning the group. 
In Group L, England should win the group even if Harry Kane is not fit or, for 
once, doesn’t score a goal. With Kane on board, winning the group should be 
a walk in the park for England. And as always, small Croatia will once again 
punch well above its weight and progress to the knockout stages. Luka Modric 
has retired, and Ivan Perisic is 37, but they have Josip Stanisic from Bayern 
Munich and Josko Gvardiol from Manchester City at the back, Lovro Majer and 
Mario Pasalic in midfield and Andrej Kramaric in front. That should be enough 
quality to secure second place in the group.
Figure 1: Likelihood of making it into the top 2 in each group
Switzerland (90%)
Qatar (43%)
Canada (35%)
Bosnia (32%)
Group B
South Korea (72%)
Czechia (52%)
Mexico (44%)
South Africa (33%)
Group A
Brazil (99%)
Morocco (59%)
Scotland (38%)
Haiti (5%)
Group C
Australia (61%)
Turkey (59%)
USA (43%)
Paraguay (37%)
Group D
Netherlands (73%)
Japan (58%)
Sweden (41%)
Tunisia (28%)
Group F
Germany (93%)
Ecuador (65%)
Ivory coast (37%)
Curacao (5%)
Group E
Belgium (85%)
Iran (57%)
Egypt (43%)
New Zealand (15%)
Group G
Spain (99%)
Uruguay (63%)
Saudi Arabia (25%)
Cape Verde (13%)
Group H
Argentina (91%)
Austria (52%)
Algeria (40%)
Jordan (17%)
Group J
France (85%)
Senegal (48%)
Norway (41%)
Iraq (25%)
Group I
Portugal (77%)
Colombia (73%)
Uzbekistan (28%)
DR Congo (23%)
Group K
England (89%)
Croatia (70%)
Panama (36%)
Ghana (5%)
Group L
Source: Panmure Liberum estimates

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
10
That’s the group stages dealt with. Or rather, that should have been the group 
stages dealt with. But FIFA had to go for the usual money grab and expand the 
tournament, so that eight of the twelve third-place finishers will be promoted to 
the round of 32 as well. 
I had to expand the model a bit and looked at the twelve candidates for third-
place finisher, together with their likely points scored, to assess who will be 
most likely to be promoted. Long story short, the eight teams that will be 
promoted, according to my model, are Mexico (Group A), Scotland (Group C), 
USA (Group D), Ivory Coast (Group E), Sweden (Group F), Egypt (Group G), 
Norway (Group I), and Algeria (Group J).
This means that number 281 of the 495 possible permutations for third-place 
finishers will be activated for the round of 32. I know, it is ridiculous, but here 
we are.
The last 32: One of the biggest upsets in World Cup history
On to the newly introduced round of 32. I hasten to emphasise that in a 
knockout match, luck plays a much more important role than in the group 
stage because even highly favoured teams can have an off day or a scrappy 
underdog can win via penalties or in overtime.
Having said that, Germany will easily beat the USA, Portugal will beat the Ivory 
Coast, France will dispose of Sweden, Spain of Austria, Belgium of Mexico, 
and England of Norway. 
Mexico’s defeat against Belgium will be one more heartbreak for its fans since 
even in this expanded tournament, the country will still miss out on its 
ephemeral ‘fifth game’ in a tournament.
Then there are the nailbiters, which will likely be extremely tight matches 
between evenly matched opponents. 
While there is less of a home advantage in this tournament than in past ones, 
Canada should still be able to beat Czechia with the help of its supporters. The 
Netherlands will likely win 1-0 or something close to that against a Moroccan 
team with a very strong defence. Another evenly matched pair is Colombia vs 
Croatia, where the experience of Croatia will likely make the difference in their 
favour. 
Ecuador and Senegal are of similar strength on paper, but given their most 
recent form, Senegal should have the edge and advance to the last 16. 
Meanwhile, South Korea isn’t as good as it used to be, but it's still good 
enough to beat Scotland (sorry, Scottish readers). Similarly, Turkey isn’t at the 
height of its powers, but strong enough to edge a win against Iran.
Which leaves us with Australia vs Algeria, which is likely to go in favour of 
Australia, but only just and Switzerland vs Egypt, which is likely to be closer 
than people may think. In the end, the greater depth and breadth of the Swiss 
team should help them advance.
This leaves us with the two South American powerhouses, Argentina (vs 
Uruguay) and Brazil (vs Japan).

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
11
The title of this section gives away the results. While Argentina wins against 
Uruguay, Japan will win against Brazil in what is likely to be one of the biggest 
upsets in World Cup history.
I can already hear the gasps of many readers. Brazil remains an eternal fan 
favourite and is always favoured to win a World Cup. Plus, there is the stupid 
statistic that, except for the World Cup 2014 in Brazil, every tournament in the 
Americas has been won by a South American team. 
Yeah, and in 2014, you didn’t believe me when I said Germany would win. May 
I remind you of one of my favourite football matches of all time at the Mineirao 
Stadium in Belo Horizonte on 8 July 2014? It’s become so famous that it has 
its own Wikipedia page. As a German, all I can say is Müller (11’), Klose (23’), 
Kroos (24’), Kroos again (26’), Khedira (29’), Schürrle (69’) and Schürrle again 
(79’). 
Meanwhile, Japan is on a real run. The team beat Germany at the World Cup 
four years ago (let’s not dwell on that…), beat Brazil 3-2 in a friendly in 
October 2025, and beat both Scotland and England 1-0 in the last few weeks. 
And they beat England even without three of their best players (Ko Itakura, 
Takefusa Kubo, and captain Wataru Endo). 
So, out with Brazil in the last 32 and on for the rest to the last 16.
The last 16: Germany vs France in the last 16
The good news for both Germany and France in the World Cup draw was that 
they both got relatively easy opponents in the group stage. The bad news was 
that if they both win their groups, as I predict they will, they will face each other 
in the round of 16.
Throughout much of football history, a match between France and Germany 
could have been the final of a World Cup or a European championship. 
Though ironically, the ups and downs of the two teams have never been 
synchronised, so they have never met in a major tournament final. Instead, it 
has been tense quarter-finals and the like. The last time the two met in a World 
Cup was in the quarter-finals of the 2014 World Cup, where Germany 
prevailed 1-0. But since then, France has won every one of the four 
encounters they have had at major tournaments. In the semi-final of the Euro 
2016, the group stage of the 2018/19 Nations League, the group stage of the 
Euro 2020, and the final of the 2025 Nations League. 
It pains me to say this, but France is clearly a much better team than Germany 
(and together with Spain one of the two best teams in the world right now) and 
will win this match against Germany as well.
The other matches are less glamorous, and like in the round of 32, there are 
some matches where the balance of power is very lopsided. Spain can easily 
beat Croatia, and the Netherlands should have no problem with Canada, while 
England should be able to beat South Korea without any problems.
A somewhat tighter match-up is Argentina vs Turkey, but even there, Messi 
proves he can still make a difference and score the winning goal to send 
Argentina through to the quarter-finals.

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
12
The remaining matchups are Australia vs Belgium, and lo and behold, the first 
time the Socceroos encounter an opponent that isn’t totally rubbish, they lose. 
Revenge for the Ashes at last…
The remaining two matches are Japan vs Senegal and Switzerland vs 
Portugal. My model predicts that Japan will use the momentum from their 
massive win against Brazil to edge out Senegal and progress to a quarter-final 
against… England.
Meanwhile, Switzerland meets Portugal, and this is where the quality of the 
individual players in Portugal’s team makes a real difference. If coach Roberto 
Martinez doesn’t make the mistake to field Cristiano Ronaldo (ideally, he 
doesn’t even nominate him for the tournament), then the likes of Bruno 
Fernandes, Joao Neves, Goncalo Ramos and Bernardo Silva will make sure 
Portugal advances.
Quarter-finals: England vs Japan again
As I write these lines, the sports pundits in the English press are still 
hyperventilating about the crushing 1-0 defeat of a desolate England team 
against Japan on 31 March. Under Thomas Tuchel, England has played 
against three teams in the top 20 of the world rankings. They couldn’t win any 
of them. The headlines in the English press range from ‘A failed experiment as 
Tuchel gets grim glimpse of life without Harry Kane’ (BBC) to ‘England’s 
experiment vs Japan and Uruguay was a disgrace’ (Daily Express) and 
‘Woeful Three Lions BOOED off as flops miserably fail final World Cup audition 
before summer’ (The Sun). You can always count on The Sun for a decent 
headline…
Personally, the defeat against Japan was not too surprising since it was a 
friendly where Tuchel experimented a lot and was missing the one key player 
who makes a difference. But by the time England plays against Japan in the 
quarter-final of the tournament, Kane will be on the pitch, and Tuchel will rely 
on a well-coordinated team. Result: England beats Japan and marches on to 
the semi-finals. 
Who will England face in the semi-finals? The quarter-final between Argentina 
and Portugal pits the defending champion and last remaining South American 
team who still relies heavily on an ageing star against a team that never won 
the World Cup and still relies heavily on an ageing star. But unlike Argentina, 
Portugal’s breadth and depth in the squad is much, much better and as long as 
Ronaldo gets out of the way, Portugal should win this in overtime. 
The third quarter-final is played between Spain and Belgium, and I am sorry, 
but Spain is so much better than Belgium that I don’t really have to say 
anything about this match other than Belgium can be glad if they lose by less 
than three goals.
This leaves me with the final matchup between France and the Netherlands 
and a potential mouthwatering semi-final between Spain and France.
I have already stated my admiration for France. It is an absolutely brilliant 
team. Of course, Mbappé is the star, but look at the rest of the squad. The 
offence is mind-blowing with Mbappé, Ousmane Dembélé, Michael Olise, and 
potentially Christopher Nkunku or Kingsley Coman. 

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
13
In midfield, they have Aurélien Tchouaméni together with N’Golo Kanté. And 
as everyone knows, water covers 70% of the Earth, and Kanté covers the rest. 
But it is not just the offence. In defence, they have Dayo Upamecano, one of 
the best centre-backs in the world right now. They also have Ibrahima Konaté, 
as well as Théo and Lucas Hernandez.
Plus, their coach, Didier Deschamps, has managed them for 14 years and won 
both the World Cup and the European Championship with them. 
Clearly, they are going to win against a good but not great Dutch team, unless 
they have a very bad day. And they do and lose 1-0 against the Netherlands 
due to an own goal by a French player (who I will not name to spare him the 
embarrassment).
Semi-finals: Four European teams
The 2018 World Cup in Russia was the last one where all semi-finalists came 
from Europe. But this is not as rare as you may think. The same happened in 
2006, 1982, 1966, and 1934. Five times in 25 tournaments, or 20% of the 
cases.
The first semi-final is between the Netherlands, which is increasingly emerging 
as a surprise team in the tournament and Spain, the other great team in the 
world right now. 
With Spain, I could do the same as with France and mention all the fantastic 
players they have. The front line features the world’s most in-form player, 
Lamine Yamal, together with Ferran Torres, Álvaro Morata and Nico Williams. 
The midfield, always the best part of great Spanish teams, features Rodri, 
Pedri, Dani Olmo, Fabián Ruiz, Gavi and Martin Zubimendi. The only weak 
spot, if there is any, could be the defence around Aymeric Laporte and Dani 
Carvajal.
And that is what becomes their downfall, as the team only manages to draw 
against the Netherlands over 120 minutes and then loses in the penalty 
shootout. It’s a cruel world if you are Spanish.
The other semi-final between England and Portugal is also a tight contest. Two 
exceptionally talented groups of individuals, two teams where pundits and fans 
alike like to criticise their managers for not getting the best out of the collective. 
Thomas Tuchel never managed a national team before he took over the 
England job, and as I have discussed above, his track record against top 
teams isn’t that great. But he knows how to be successful at tournaments, 
having coached Paris Saint-Germain to a Champions League final in 2020 
before winning the trophy with Chelsea a year later.
Roberto Martinez, on the other hand, is tasked with the impossible job of 
managing a vain Cristiano Ronaldo who still thinks he is the most important 
player in the team and prevents Martinez from forming a true collective 
necessary to succeed. And his track record as a manager is clearly not as 
impressive as that of Tuchel. His biggest successes so far have been 
managing Belgium to a third place in the 2018 World Cup and winning the 
Nations League with Portugal in 2025.

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
14
But as I keep mentioning again and again, in a knock-out match, anything can 
happen, and if two teams of similar quality meet in a World Cup semi-final, it is 
basically down to luck which one will win. And in this case, my model predicts 
that Portugal’s players win narrowly in a scrappy, unattractive match with few 
goals as both teams try to avoid conceding goals on this important stage. 
Figure 2: The knockout stage
Germany
USA
France
Sweden
Czechia
Canada
Netherlands
Morocco
Colombia
Croatia
Spain
Austria
Australia
Algeria
Belgium
Mexico
Brazil
Japan
Ecuador
Senegal
South Korea
Scotland
England
Norway
Argentina
Uruguay
Turkey
Iran
Switzerland
Egypt
Portugal
Ivory Coast
Germany
France
Canada
Netherlands
Croatia
Spain
Australia
Belgium
Japan
Senegal
South Korea
England
Argentina
Turkey
Switzerland
Portugal
France
Netherlands
Spain
Belgium
Japan
England
Argentina
Portugal
Netherlands
Spain
England
Portugal
Netherlands
Portugal
Source: Panmure Liberum estimates
And the winner is…
This means we are going to see a final between two teams, neither of which 
has ever won a World Cup. It’s like Spain vs the Netherlands in the 2010 
World Cup. We will have a newly minted world champion. 
To be honest, neither of these teams features typically among the conventional 
favourites to win. Current Polymarket predictions put Portugal’s chances of 
winning the trophy at 7% and the Netherlands’ at 3%.

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
15
Figure 3: Polymarket predictions for World Cup 2026 winner
16%
13%
12%
9%
9%
7%
5%
3%
3%
2%
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
14%
16%
18%
Spain
France
England
Argenntina
Brazil
Portugal
Germany
Netherlands
Norway
Belgium
Polymarket probability to win
Source: Polymarket
Historically, the Netherlands is arguably the best footballing nation in the world 
that has never won the World Cup (having been beaten in a final three times). 
Portugal similarly has always been a good team, but except for the Euro 2016, 
they have never won any major trophy either. 
But the Euro 2016 is a prime example of how a team can win a major 
tournament without performing all that well. In that tournament, Portugal didn’t 
win a single match in their group and only managed to advance to the quarter-
finals as one of the best third-place teams. Then they drew 1-1 with Poland in 
the quarter-finals and won on penalties. In the semi-final, they won 2-0 against 
Wales before drawing 0-0 with France in the final and only winning the title 
thanks to a goal by Eder.
Our model does not predict either the Netherlands or Portugal to be exciting to 
watch. The Netherlands had to grind out victories against Morocco, France 
and Spain to get to the final, while Portugal had to face England and 
Argentina. It’s been hard work for both teams to get here. Alas, only one of 
them can win it.
And as so often is the case, the final once again is a tight contest with few 
goals, much more like the 2010 and 2014 finals than the 2018 and 2022 finals. 
Younger readers may think that World Cup finals tend to be exciting and full of 
goals. And I have to say the 2022 final between France and Argentina was by 
far the best World Cup final I have ever seen in my lifetime, and possibly the 
best final ever. But typically, in a World Cup final, both teams are trying to 
make as few mistakes as possible, and teams that have never won the trophy 
tend to be even more intimidated. The result is that these matches tend to end 
1-0 with a penalty goal or something like that. And this happens again, this 
time with the winner ultimately being…

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
16
Figure 4: World Cup winner 2026: The Netherlands
Source: Wikimedia Commons
Congratulations to the Netherlands for finally winning the trophy that they 
should have won a long time ago. Keep the trophy safe for us Germans 
because we will come in four years to ask for it back.

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
17
Conflicts of Interest
Panmure Liberum has established policies, procedures, systems and controls to identify and prevent (where possible) conflicts of interest arising through the production of 
investment recommendations and has a conflicts management policy relating to its research and marketing communication activities. Such controls include the 
maintenance of information barriers such that confidential and/or inside information is controlled according to applicable law and regulations and the content and timing of 
investment recommendations is not selectively disclosed prior to publication through Panmure Liberum’s normal distribution channels. The content of this communication 
may have been disclosed to the company(ies) referenced herein prior to dissemination in order to verify factual accuracy. Please see below for specific conflicts of interest 
disclosures relevant to the company(ies) the subject of this report. For Panmure Liberum’s Conflict of Interest policy please visit 
www.panmureliberum.com/equities/regulatory-and-compliance
Company Specific Disclosures
Click or tap here to enter text.
Distribution of Research Recommendations Produced by Panmure Liberum or its Affiliates During the Last Quarter
Recommendations
All Coverage
Corporate Relationship
Buy
75.1%
48.1 (% of all Buy recommendations during the quarter)
Hold
22.7%
2.3 (% of all Hold recommendations during the quarter)
Sell
2.2%
0.1 (% of all Sell recommendations during the quarter)
 
Investment Recommendation Definitions
Any investment recommendation within this communication reflect the author’s assessment of a stock's potential return:
BUY stocks are expected to have a positive total shareholder return of at least +10%.
HOLD stocks are expected to have a total shareholder return of between -10% and +10%.
SELL stocks are expected to have a total shareholder return of between -10% or less.
The time horizon for which the recommendation is deemed valid is 12 months unless otherwise specified in the particular communication. 
Valuation Methodology
Panmure Liberum analysts use several methods to produce a recommendation which may include, but are not limited to, peer group valuation metrics (including P/E, 
dividend yield, EV/Sales, EV/EBITDA, EV/EBIT and FCFe Yield), sum-of-the-parts, EV/ROIC and DCF. The analyst assesses the risk by reference to a number of metrics 
such as the company’s beta, market capital, NAV, net debt, revenue growth, and EBIT margin. Please visit the company specific page on Panmure Liberum’s Research 
Portal linked above for details of the key risks of the company and risks related to the investment recommendation.. 
Planned Frequency of Updates
Recommendations in research are under constant review and as such, there is no formal timetable for the review of such recommendations. 
Recommendation History
To access a list of all research recommendations produced by Panmure Liberum in the past 12 months, please refer to www.panmureliberum.com/research-
recommendation-history and www.panmureliberum.com/legal/sales-recommendation-history 

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
18
Disclaimer
This communication has been issued in the UK 
by Panmure Liberum Limited (“Panmure 
Liberum”) which is authorised and regulated by 
the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") and is 
a member of The London Stock Exchange 
PLC. The registered address of Panmure 
Liberum is Ropemaker Place, 25 Ropemaker 
Street, London EC2Y 9LY. Telephone: 020 
3100 2000. Panmure Liberum is a subsidiary of 
Panmure Liberum Group Limited (the “Group”). 
For more information regarding disclosures 
relevant to Panmure Liberum or the Group, 
please email 
compliance@panmureliberum.com.
This communication has been prepared by its 
author(s) as non-independent research and is a 
marketing communication in relation to 
company(ies) discussed herein (each a 
"Company"). Accordingly, it has not been 
prepared in accordance with UK legal 
requirements designed to promote the 
independence of investment research and is 
not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research. 
However, Panmure Liberum is required by the 
rules of the FCA to have policies in place to 
identify and manage the conflicts of interest 
which may arise in its business activities 
including in relation to the production of this 
communication, which include preventing 
dealing ahead. Information regarding our 
policies is available at 
www.panmureliberum.com In addition to the 
conflicts of interest disclosed herein, a list of 
items which could create a conflict of interest 
and other material interests in relation to 
research material is set out on our website. 
Please refer to 
www.panmureliberum.com/equities/regulatory-
and-compliance.  
This communication may include information 
which has been produced by a systematic 
analysis system provided to Panmure Liberum 
Limited (“Panmure Liberum”) under licence by 
Systematic Analysis Limited (“Panmure 
Liberum SAM”) and is published in the UK by 
Panmure Liberum. Panmure Liberum SAM is a 
proprietary data-driven, systematic approach to 
stock selection which calculates potential risks 
and opportunities drawing on publicly available 
reported financial information and consensus 
forecasts.  Panmure Liberum and the 
individuals overseeing the proper functioning 
and efficacy of Panmure Liberum SAM may 
have responsibilities that conflict with the 
interests of the persons who receive 
investment recommendations and information 
may be known to Panmure Liberum or persons 
connected with it which is not reflected in this 
communication. For information about the 
valuation or methodology and the underlying 
assumptions used in this communication or in 
relation to the proprietary models used to 
produce the Summary score, revisions 
momentum score, the shareholder value score 
and/or the valuation score, please contact 
panmureliberumsam@panmureliberum.com
The individuals who prepared this 
communication may be involved in providing 
other financial services to the Company or 
Companies referenced herein or to other 
companies who might be said to be 
competitors of the Company or Companies 
referenced herein. As a result, both Panmure 
Liberum and the individual employees who 
prepared this communication may have 
responsibilities that conflict with the interests of 
the persons who receive this communication 
and information may be known to Panmure 
Liberum or persons connected with it which is 
not reflected in this communication. Panmure 
Liberum may provide or may have provided 
corporate services to the Company(ies) 
mentioned in this communication and recipients 
should not therefore rely on it as being an 
impartial document. 
This communication is provided for information 
purposes only and should not be regarded as 
an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security 
or other financial instrument. This 
communication is provided with the 
understanding that Panmure Liberum is not 
acting in a fiduciary capacity and it is not a 
personal recommendation to you. This 
communication has no regard for the specific 
investment objectives, financial situation and 
needs of any specific person or entity. The 
investments discussed in this communication 
may not be eligible for sale in some states or 
countries and may not be suitable for all 
investors. Investors should make their own 
investment decisions based upon their own 
financial objectives and financial resources 
and, if in any doubt, should seek advice from 
an investment advisor. Panmure Liberum 
and/or its officers, directors and employees 
may have or take positions in securities of 
companies mentioned in this communication 
(or in any related investment) and may from 
time to time dispose of any such positions and 
may also provide corporate finance or 
underwriting services for or relating to those 
companies, for which it is remunerated.  
Panmure Liberum analysts, including the 
author of this communication, receive 
compensation based on a number of factors 
including the quality of research, client 
feedback, firm profitability and normal 
competitive factors. This communication is 
based on materials and sources that are 
believed to be reliable; however, they are not 
independently verified and are not guaranteed 
as being accurate. All expressions of opinions, 
projections, forecasts and estimates constitute 
a judgment and are those of the author and the 
research department of Panmure Liberum only, 
and should not be relied upon and are subject 
to change without notice. The content of this 
communication may have been disclosed to the 
company referenced herein prior to 
dissemination in order to verify factual 
accuracy, however the company takes no 
responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of 
any opinion, projection, forecast or estimate 
contained within this communication. This 
report may include content generated with the 
assistance of AI tools. While AI may have been 
used to enhance efficiency and content 
creation, all information has been reviewed to 
ensure, where possible, its accuracy and 
reliability. While Panmure Liberum endeavours 
to update its research communications from 
time to time it is under no obligation to do so. 
No representation or warranty either expressed 
or implied, is made nor responsibility of any 
kind is accepted by Panmure Liberum, its 
directors, officers, employees, or agents either 
as to the accuracy or completeness of any 
information stated in this document nor should 
it be relied on as such. Panmure Liberum shall 
not be liable for any direct or indirect damages, 
including lost profits, arising in any way from 
use of all or any of the information contained in 
this communication. 
Panmure Liberum may have issued other 
communications that are inconsistent with and 
reach different conclusions from, the 
information contained in this communication. 
Those communications reflect the different 
assumptions, views and analytical methods of 
the individuals that prepared them. This 
communication is not guaranteed to be a 
complete statement or summary of any 
securities, markets, reports, or developments 
referred to therein. Past performance is not 
necessarily a guide to future performance. The 
stated price of any securities mentioned herein 
will generally be as at the end of the business 
day immediately prior to the publication date on 
this communication unless otherwise stated 
and is not a representative that any transaction 
can be effected at this price. This 
communication is confidential and may not be 
re-distributed, retransmitted or disclosed, in 
whole or in part, or in any manner, without the 
express written consent of Panmure Liberum. 
For more information on models, please 
contact the Analyst.
In the United Kingdom
This communication is for the use of (a) 
Professional Clients and Eligible 
Counterparties (such terms are defined by the 
rules of the FCA) of Panmure Liberum and (b) 
other persons who are not clients of Panmure 
Liberum who have expressed interest in 
receiving it and who are Qualified Investors (as 
defined below) and either investment 
professionals (persons having professional 
experience in matters relating to investments, 
as defined in Article 19(5) or Article 49(2)(a) to 
(d) (high net worth companies, unincorporated 
associations etc) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotions) Order 
2005 (as amended) or any other persons to 
whom this communication for the purposes of 
section 21 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 can otherwise lawfully be 
communicated).For the purpose of clarity, this 
communication is not intended for and should 
not be relied upon by Retail Clients (as defined 
by the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority).
The content includes data provided by FTSE 
International Limited (“FTSE”) © FTSE 2013. 
“FTSE®” is a trademark of the London Stock 
Exchange Group companies and is used by 
FTSE under licence. All rights in the FTSE 
indices and / or FTSE ratings vest in FTSE and 
/ or its licensors. Neither FTSE nor its licensors 
accept any liability for any errors or omissions 
in the FTSE indices and / or FTSE ratings or 
underlying data. No further distribution of FTSE 
data is permitted without FTSE’s express 
written consent.
Distribution outside of the UK
EU Third-Party Disclaimer
If this communication is distributed in the 
European Union (“EU”) by Raymond James & 
Associates, Inc. (“RJA”), an entity registered 
with the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission as a broker-dealer and a member 
of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, 
or its independent contractors or such 
independent contractor’s tied agents 
(collectively, the “independent contractors”) or 
by Panmure Liberum to clients of RJA’s 
independent contractors, then this 
communication is independent third-party 
research prepared for and distributed in the 
relevant EU countries at the determination of 
RJA and/or the independent contractors and 
pursuant to an arrangement between RJA, 
Panmure Liberum Inc. and Panmure Liberum. 
Neither RJA, nor its independent contractors, 
nor any of their affiliates has or had any 
involvement in the production, content, or 
timing of this communication and neither 
Panmure Liberum Inc. nor Panmure Liberum 
are affiliates of RJA or its independent 
contractors.
This communication is distributed solely to 
persons who are Qualified Investors within the 
meaning of Article 2(e) of EU Regulation 
2017/1129 (as amended or superseded), and 
this communication is only for such Qualified 
Investors whose ordinary business activities 
involve investing in equities, bonds, and 
associated securities and/or derivative 
securities and who have professional 
experience reviewing and engaging in such 
investments. This communication is therefore 
not intended to be distributed or passed on, 
directly or indirectly, to any other class of 
persons, and is not intended for private 
individuals or those who would not be classified 

FIFA World Cup Predictions
09 April 2026
19
as “Qualified Investors.” The delivery of this 
communication is not a recommendation to 
effect any transactions in the securities 
discussed herein, nor an endorsement of any 
opinion expressed herein. If you are receiving 
this communication in one of the relevant EU 
countries from RJA or its independent 
contractors, or Panmure Liberum, as a 
consequence of being a client of RJA’s 
independent contractors, RJA accepts 
responsibility for the distribution of the 
communication. Any Qualified Investor who 
receives this communication from RJA, its 
independent contractors or directly from 
Panmure Liberum as a consequence of being a 
client of RJA’s independent contractors, is 
receiving such communication solely as a 
result of its relationship with RJA or its 
independent contractor, as applicable, and 
such recipient shall not be considered as 
having a relationship with Panmure Liberum 
Inc. or Panmure Liberum. For additional 
disclosures about RJA, including those related 
to material conflicts of interest, please visit: 
https://www.raymondjames.com/-
/media/rj/dotcom/files/legal-
disclosures/Liberum-disclosures.pdf. For 
further information regarding the above or 
related to the above-mentioned securities, 
please contact RJA’s independent contractors.
For US Investors
This communication is a marketing 
communication and has been prepared and 
distributed by Panmure Liberum.  Panmure 
Liberum Inc is a U.S. registered broker-dealer 
and an affiliate of Panmure Liberum. This 
communication is distributed solely to persons 
who qualify as “Major U.S. Institutional 
Investors” or “U.S. Institutional Investors” as 
defined in Rule 15a-6 under the Securities and 
Exchange Act of 1934. This communication is 
only for those Major U.S. Institutional Investors 
and U.S. Institutional Investors whose ordinary 
business activities involve investing in shares, 
bonds, and associated securities and/or 
derivative securities and who have professional 
experience in such investments. Any person 
who is not a U.S. Institutional Investor or Major 
U.S. Institutional Investor must not rely on this 
communication. The delivery of this research 
communication to any person in the United 
States of America is not a recommendation to 
affect any transactions in the securities 
discussed herein, nor an endorsement of any 
opinion expressed herein. Panmure Liberum 
Inc is a FINRA/SIPC member and is regulated 
by the Securities Exchange Commission and 
takes responsibility for the content of this 
communication. Any U.S. recipient of this 
communication that is not a registered broker-
dealer or a bank acting in a broker or dealer 
capacity and that wishes further information 
regarding the securities or to place an order in 
any of the above-mentioned securities please 
contact a registered representative of Panmure 
Liberum Inc or any other FINRA registered 
broker-dealer. 
Analyst Certification: The analyst(s) who 
prepared this communication hereby certifies 
that all of the views expressed in this 
communication accurately reflect his / her 
personal views about the subject securities or 
issuers. The analyst(s) is not an associated 
person of Panmure Liberum Inc and therefore 
may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 and 
restrictions on communications with the 
company(ies) the subject of this report and 
other conflicts management. No part of his/her 
compensation was, is, or will be directly or 
indirectly related to the inclusion of specific 
recommendations or views in this 
communication. The analyst(s) responsible for 
preparing this research communication 
received compensation that is based upon 
various factors, including total revenues of 
Panmure Liberum Inc and its affiliates, a 
portion of which are or have been generated by 
investment banking activities of Panmure 
Liberum Inc and its affiliates. Save as agreed 
with Panmure Liberum, research analysts, and 
their households, are prohibited from dealing in 
the securities of a company which they cover in 
any manner. 
Panmure Liberum Inc does not make a market 
on other securities mentioned in the 
communication. Panmure Liberum Inc has not 
managed or co-managed a public offering of 
any of the securities mentioned in the past 12 
months. Panmure Liberum Inc has not received 
compensation for investment banking services 
from any of the companies mentioned in the 
past 12 months. Panmure Liberum Inc neither 
expects to receive nor intends to seek 
compensation for investment banking services 
from any of the companies mentioned within 
the next 3 months.
For Canadian Investors
This information is not, and under no 
circumstances is to be construed as, an 
advertisement or a public offering of the 
securities described herein in Canada or any 
province or territory thereof. Under no 
circumstances is this information to be 
construed as an offer to sell securities or as a 
solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any 
jurisdiction of Canada. Any offer or sale of the 
securities described herein in Canada will be 
made only under an exemption from the 
requirements to file a prospectus with the 
relevant Canadian securities regulators and 
only by a dealer properly registered under 
applicable securities laws or, alternatively, 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirement in the relevant province or territory 
of Canada in which such offer or sale is made. 
This information is not, and under no 
circumstances is it to be construed as, a 
prospectus, an offering memorandum, an 
advertisement or a public offering of any 
securities in Canada. No securities commission 
or similar regulatory authority in Canada has 
reviewed or in any way passed upon these 
materials, the information contained herein or 
the merits of the securities described herein 
and any representation to the contrary is an 
offence. If you are located in Canada, this 
information has been made available to you 
based on your representation that you are an 
“accredited investor” as such term is defined in 
National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions and a “permitted client” as such 
term is defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and 
Ongoing Registrant Obligations.  Under no 
circumstances is the information contained 
herein to be construed as investment advice in 
any province or territory of Canada nor should 
it be construed as being tailored to the needs of 
the recipient. Canadian recipients are advised 
that Panmure Liberum Inc, its affiliates and its 
authorised agents are not responsible for, nor 
do they accept, any liability whatsoever for any 
direct or consequential loss arising from any 
use of this research communication or the 
information contained herein.
For Swiss Investors
This publication is intended to be distributed to 
professional investors in circumstances such 
that there is no public offer. This publication 
does not constitute a prospectus within the 
meaning of Articles 652a and 1156 of the 
Swiss Code of Obligations.
For Australian Investors
This communication is distributed in Australia 
by Panmure Liberum Limited which is exempt 
from the requirement to hold an Australian 
Financial Services Licence. This 
communication may only be distributed to a 
"Wholesale Client" (within the meaning of 
section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth) (the “Act”) in reliance of subsection 6(1) 
of the ASIC Corporations (Foreign Financial 
Services Providers-Limited Connection) 
Instrument 2017/182. Panmure Liberum is 
regulated by the FCA under UK laws, which 
differ from Australian laws.
For South African Investors
In South Africa, Panmure Liberum Limited 
holds an exemption from the licensing 
requirement of the Financial Advisory and 
Intermediary Services Act, 2002 (as amended) 
and it is therefore not regulated in South Africa.
Other countries
Laws and regulations of other countries may 
also restrict the distribution of this 
communication. Persons in possession of this 
communication should inform themselves 
about possible legal restrictions and observe 
accordingly.

Panmure Liberum Limited / Ropemaker Place, Level 12, 25 Ropemaker Street, London, EC2Y 9LY / T +44 (0)20 3100 2000 / F +44 (0)20 3100 2299 / 
www.panmureliberum.com Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority / Registered in England & Wales No. 5912554
Research
Alternatives
Shonil Chande
+44 (0) 20 3100 2259
shonil.chande@panmureliberum.com
Investment Funds
Callum Stokeld 
+44 (0)20 7886 2762
callum.stokeld@panmureliberum.com
Building
Building Materials, Equipment Hire & 
Housebuilders
Adrian Kearsey
+44 (0)20 7886 2763
adrian.kearsey@panmureliberum.com 
Kate Middleton
+44 (0)20 7886 2765
kate.middleton@panmureliberum.com
Business Services 
Support Services & Special Situations
Joe Brent 
+44 (0)20 3100 2272
joe.brent@panmureliberum.com
Joe Walker
+44 (0)20 7886 2650
joe.walker@panmureliberum.com
Sanjay Vidyarthi
+44 (0)20 3100 2278
sanjay.vidyarthi@panmureliberum.com
Andy Smith
+44 (0)20 3100 2268
andy.smith@panmureliberum.com
Consumer
Consumer Goods
Anubhav Malhotra
+44 (0)20 3100 2197
anubhav.malhotra@panmureliberum.com
Retail
Ben Hunt
+44 (0)20 7886 2766
ben.hunt@panmureliberum.com
Roving
Wayne Brown
+44 (0) 20 3100 2082
wayne.brown@panmureliberum.com
Tobacco
Rae Maile
+44 (0)20 7886 2860
rae.maile@panmureliberum.com
Financials
Financial & Professional Services
Rae Maile
+44 (0)20 7886 2860
rae.maile@panmureliberum.com
Ross Luckman
+44 (0)20 7886 2532
ross.luckman@panmureliberum.com
Insurance
Abid Hussain
+44 (0)20 7886 2757
abid.hussain@panmureliberum.com
Healthcare
Seb Jantet
+44 (0) 20 3100 2047
seb.jantet@panmureliberum.com
Dr Julie Simmonds
+44 (0)20 7886 2743
julie.simmonds@panmureliberum.com
Industrials
Alexandro da Silva O’Hanlon
+44 (0)20 3100 2268
alex.ohanlon@panmureliberum.com
Oliver Swift
+44 (0)20 7886 2533
oliver.swift@panmureliberum.com
Leisure & Travel
Leisure
Anna Barnfather
+44 (0)20 3100 2176
anna.barnfather@panmureliberum.com
Real Estate
Bjorn Zietsman
+44 (0)20 3100 2067
bjorn.zietsman@panmureliberum.com
Tim Leckie
+44 (0)20 3100 2268
tim.leckie@panmureliberum.com
Resources
Mining & Commodities
Duncan Hay 
+44 (0)20 7886 2562
duncan.hay@panmureliberum.com
Tom Price
+44 (0) 203 100 2085
tom.price@panmureliberum.com
Oil & Gas
Ashley Kelty
+44 (0)20 7886 2510
ashley.kelty@panmureliberum.com
Strategy, Economics & ESG
Joachim Klement
+44 (0)20 3100 2073
joachim.klement@panmureliberum.com
Economics
Simon French (Head of Research)
+44 (0)20 3100 2268
simon.french@panmureliberum.com
Technology & Media
Andrew Ripper
+44 (0)20 3100 2086
andrew.ripper@panmureliberum.com
Harvey Robinson
+44 (0)20 7886 2744
harvey.robinson@panmureliberum.com
Johnathan Barrett
+44 (0)20 7886 2974
johnathan.barrett@panmureliberum.com
Sean Kealy
+44 (0)20 7886 2726
sean.kealy@panmureliberum.com
Transport
Gerald Khoo
+44 (0)20 3100 2195
gerald.khoo@panmureliberum.com
Investor Relations
Sarah Downing 
(Head of Investor Relations)
+44 (0)20 7886 2910
sarah.downing@panmureliberum.com
Jodi Hutchins
+44 (0)20 7886 2953
jodi.hutchins@panmureliberum.com
Francesca Hayward
+44 (0)2078 862 912
francesca.hayward@panmureliberum.com
Marcio Remedios
+44 (0)20 3100 2033
marcio.remedios@panmureliberum.com
Connie Owens
+44 (0)20 3100 2021
connie.owens@panmureliberum.com
Katie Micallef
+44 (0) 20 7886 2723
katie.micallef@panmureliberum.com
Equity Sales – London
David Parsons (Head of Equities)
+44 (0)20 3100 2125
david.parsons@panmureliberum.com
Guy Froud (Head of Sales)
+44 (0)20 3100 2242
guy.froud@panmureliberum.com 
Joel Knight
+44 (0)20 3100 2030
joel.knight@panmureliberum.com
Oliver Houghton
+44 (0)20 3100 2129
oliver.houghton@panmureliberum.com 
Paras Amlani
+44 (0)20 3100 2113
paras.amlani@panmureliberum.com
 Anita Surana
+44 (0)20 7886 2695
anita.surana@panmureliberum.com
Christopher Cooper
+44 (0) 20 3100 2258
christopher.cooper@panmureliberum.com 
Regional Distribution
James Roberts
+44 (0)20 3100 2114
james.roberts@panmureliberum.com
Specialist Sales
Real Estate 
John Mozley
+44 (0)20 3100 2115
john.mozley@panmureliberum.com
Resources
Simon Fickling
+44 (0)20 3100 2112
simon.fickling@panmureliberum.com
Healthcare
Dr David Cox
+44 (0)20 7886 2750
david.cox@panmureliberum.com
Investment Funds
James Shields
+44 (0) 20 3100 2266
james.shields@panmureliberum.com
Equity Sales – New York
Julian Plant (CEO - USA)
+1 212 596 4824
julian.plant@panmureliberum.com
Tony Beckett
+1 212 596 4807
tony.beckett@panmureliberum.com
Edward Husband
+1 212 596 4841
edward.husband@panmureliberum.com
Rachel Martin
+1 212 596 4814
rachel.martin@panmureliberum.com
Hugo Hewitt
+44 (0)20 7886 2704
hugo.hewitt@panmureliberum.com
Sales Trading
Adam Howson (Head of Execution)
+44 (0)20 7886 2738
adam.howson@panmureliberum.com
Ben McCorkill 
+44 (0)20 7886 2734 
ben.mccorkill@panmureliberum.com
David Thompson 
+44 (0) 20 3100 2062
david.thompson@panmureliberum.com
Justin Lindop
+44 (0)20 7886 2699
justin.lindop@panmureliberum.com 
Mark O’Hara
+44 (0) 20 3100 2061
mark.ohara@panmureliberum.com
Mark Taylor
+44(0) 20 7886 2696
mark.taylor@panmureliberum.com
Matthew Hudson
+44 (0) 20 3100 2063
matthew.hudson@panmureliberum.com
Ross McNally
+44 (0)20 7886 2693
ross.mccnally@panmureliberum.com
Emma Horner
+44 (0) 20 7886 2733
emma.horner@panmureliberum.com
US Sales Trading
Arthur Pyott
+1 212 596 4842
arthur.pyott@panmureliberum.com
Brian McCann
+44 (0)20 7886 2705
brian.mccann@panmureliberum.com
Investment Funds
Michael Janes (Head of Investment 
Funds, Sales & Execution)
+44 (0)20 7886 2649
michael.janes@panmureliberum.com
Christopher Lloyd (Head of VCT)
+44 (0)20 7886 2716
christopher.lloyd@panmureliberum.com
Ben Fuller (Head of Investment Funds 
Trading)
+44 (0) 20 7886 2643 
ben.fuller@panmureliberum.com
Justin York (Sales Trader)
+44 (0)20 7886 2707
justin.york@panmureliberum.com
Lewis Brennan 
+44 (0)20 7886 2644
lewis.brennan@panmureliberum.com
Paul Nolan
+44 (0)20 7886 2717
paul.nolan@panmureliberum.com
Trading
James Perry (Head of Trading)
+44 (0)20 7886 2656
james.perry@panmureliberum.com
Charles Borman 
+44 (0)20 3100 2205
charlie.borman@panmureliberum.com
Daniel Brown
+44 (0) 20 7886 2697
dan.brown@panmureliberum.com
Fletcher Francis
+44 (0) 20 7886 2647
fletcher.francis@panmureliberum.com
James Bastick
+44 (0) 20 7886 2739
james.bastick@panmureliberum.com
James Cass
+44 (0)20 3100 2205
james.cass@panmureliberum.com
Marco Varani 
+44 (0)20 7886 2654
marco.varani@panmureliberum.com
Paul Corney
+44 (0)20 7886 2736
paul.corney@panmureliberum.com
Peter Jennings
+44 (0) 20 3100 2207
peter.jennings@panmureliberum.com
Lee Hales
+44 (0)20 7886 2652
lee.hales@panmureliberum.com
STX 77440
+44 (0)20 3100 2200

